feat(fc-proxy): add instruction to clear image cache on update (#687)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: versioned_docs/version-2.x/appendices/migration-guides/index.mdx

We strongly advice you to synchronize any override you may have done in your
project.

### Image caching

In this version we've introduced

> [Focal Point](https://gitlab.blackswift.cloud/front-commerce/front-commerce/-/commit/40185d3aecd3fd7c7d959483db16cdea21541a82)

Reviewer: **issue:** I'm not fan of linking to a commit for this kind of things

**suggestion:** either link to the documentation section (added :point_up:) of Focal point (**my preference**) or to the MR.

support for the `<Image>` component.

> **If you use integrated FC Image proxy** the cache needs to be fully

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**If you use [Front-Commerce's media middleware](/docs/2.x/advanced/production-ready/media-middleware)**, the cache needs to be fully
```

regenerated.

> To do so, you should delete the `.front-commerce/cache/images` directory and
> deploy your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do so, delete the `.front-commerce/cache/images` directory after
deploying your project upgraded to FC 2.25.0.
```

:::caution

Regenerate image cache will lead to a **high CPU usage**, to don't disturb
availability of your app, we recommend you to do this outside peak visit time on
your website.

:::

### New features in `2.25.0`

> - [Magic Button](/docs/2.x/category/magic-button)

Reviewer: **suggestion:** it'd be good to add a link to focal point here

:::note

We usually try hard to avoid Breaking Changes. In this context, we decided to
remain pragmatic as we knew that this relatively new feature wasn't used by many
projects. For this reason, we chose the simplest solution instead of adding
complexity with deprecated GraphQL mutations and conditional paths in the
checkout. **Please contact us if you need help with this upgrade.**

:::

### Image caching

In this version we've introduced
[Focal Point](/docs/2.x/reference/image-component#focal-point-focalpoint)
support for the `<Image>` component.

**If you use
[Front-Commerce's media middleware](/docs/2.x/advanced/production-ready/media-middleware)**,
the cache needs to be fully regenerated.

To do so, you should delete the `.front-commerce/cache/images` directory and
deploy your project.

:::caution

> Regenerate image cache will lead to a **high CPU usage**, to don't disturb
> availability of your app, we recommend you to do this outside peak visit time on

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Regenerate image cache will lead to a **high CPU usage**, to not disturb the
availability of your app, we recommend you do this outside peak visit time on
```
